hi I'm Alison McNamara and today we are
talking about how to transition right
into spring so spring is almost here and
it's time to rid yourself of those warm
winter jackets and start trying out
Springs big trends let's start off with
sporty we saw this on the runways and
Alexander Wang and DKNY and it's all
about a really cool baseball cap for the
season fake leather thank mesh just try
it out lightweight leather was huge for
the season whether it was perforated or
died in really light colors we saw this
to Provenza schooler tibi and bcbg so
warmer months always mean showing a
little more skin obviously than winter
months but for this season we saw a lot
of boudoir influence specifically a
Jason Wu these looks are sexier they're
showing more skin and it's all about
lace the two big prints for the season
are stripes and checks write that down
remember it and don't forget it these
will be everywhere for stripes we saw
this ad Marc Jacobs michael kors even
oscar de la renta and for the checks we
saw them predominantly louisvuitton
whichever one you prefer invest in one
of them or both right now when it comes
to color for spring 2013 it's actually
the absence of color it's all about
black and white these were inspired by
Helmut Newton photographs and we saw
them everywhere from Alexander Wang to
michael kors even over in Europe it was
really everywhere for this season and
it's timeless so you can't go wrong with
it and while we're on the topic of black
and white white alone is really big for
this season we saw that Chanel alexander
wang and victoria beckham and it's not
all about wearing all white clothing
we're exploring into white accessories
so white shoes white bags you name it
it's all white for spring one thing that
really caught our eye on the runways
were all the iridescent finishes we saw
this at topshop jonathan saunders Derek
Lam whether it's an iridescent pencil
skirt or really cool top like it
Alexander Wang it's all about adding
these really metallic kind of futuristic
looks into your wardrobe so those are
the biggest and best trends that we're
loving here at popsugar fashion for
spring 2013 I'm Allison McNamara and
thanks for watching